hello youtube friends I'm frank 70 thousand
894 I bring you a new tutorial of
speedometer for is san andreas
we open your internet browser and
we enter the link that I will leave in the
description of the video first
unload the kernel and then the
speedometer do not worry about the
virus because they do not have the links are
uploaded by me
they will need employment 3 in order to have their
speedometer but I'll leave it on
description of the video
You will see that the link is mine so I do not
has a virus
they wait for 45 or if they have 25 and
they download it
once downloaded the first thing we go
to install is the kernel 3 I'm not going to
install but I'll tell you how it comes with
installer is very easy what we have
what to do is open the kernel installer
3 that is inside the file
we describe and install I do not
I install because I already have it but they have
what to put ninet and finish
now the last thing we need is
install the speedometer and ready to vitiate
xdddd
now we open the sub folder is san
andreas
when we open the sub folder is
san andreas we open the folder kernel and
we copy speed cs and paste it into the
folder I think
I get copy and paste because I already
I have installed and that's why I get that
xdddd
now let's open models and we
txt will appear we open it and copy and
paste the color chosen to do
example I chose the blue color I open the
winrar file that says blue we copy what
that says speed point txt and we paste it in
the txt folder
I repeat we open the speedometer color
we like copy and give it to trento
we stuck it between x that it is
inside of models and ready to try the
speedometer and viciar xddddd
I achieve wardrobe I would tell them what
keep xd
what a good car and they will see the speedometer
works of 10 thanks to all those who
they watched the tutorial as you will see the
tutorial comes to an end comment and if
they want to subscribe , I'll put on a
little music xdddd
[Music]
two